if you were going on your merry day
filming a late night show wanting to
find yourself locked in an
active contagion think you'd survive
this original spanish [ __ ] is far more
terrifying than its hollywood remake
because if you thought you wouldn't
survive quarantine in our last video
wreck is more brutal with less margin
for error an eventual demon that can't
be stopped
this is why you wouldn't survive wreck
angela's a happy go-lucky late-night
reporter she's charming
fun and has no idea she's about to have
the worst night of her life
together with her unexpecting cameraman
they're filming a segment for a show
about the local firefighters
they tore around the station getting to
know the friendly firemen waiting for
some action
lucky for them it looks like they'll get
some good footage as the siren goes off
and they all jump into a fire truck
driving through barcelona to get to the
apartment complex the call came from
turns out an old lady was heard
screaming a cop leads the crew upstairs
to enter the old ladies room miss
kachita when they get in
they find her standing at the end of a
hallway covered in blood
hold on something's definitely wrong
here if you're a reporter just looking
for some usable footage
this is enough to pack it up and go home
but then again this is good tv
and understandably they keep filming
it's what i would do
except when the cameraman turns the
camera's light onto the old lady to get
a better shot
she reacts violently to the light the
older cop tries to help her but she
suddenly lunges and attacks him biting
into his neck
the rest of the men try their best to
pry her off and it takes three guys to
tear her mouth away from the cop's neck
okay now it's time to get the hell out
of the building many fire department
calls are for medical emergencies so
they've seen a lot of weird things
but this is an unfit old woman and she
nearly overpowers four men
after this you're not sticking around
you've got a nice life as a cute tv host
you don't need this being alert and
acting first in these survival scenarios
is the single biggest factor to keeping
you alive but it's about to get much
worse they try to get out and go for the
doors but they discover that someone has
locked them in from the outside if
you're claustrophobic like me
this is when i'd start to lose it it's
time to start thinking about what you
have to help you escape
the firefighters brought in tools
specifically for busting outdoors
so it's possible and we don't know if
the building is surrounded
i'd be looking for back door exits using
the sledgehammer to plow through any
locked doors
standing in the way if i needed to
convince others to help we have an
injured man who needs a hospital it's
not time to trust the system
it's time to get the hell out manu finds
out that behind a shutter is a textile
workshop
and tries to open it up but they're
interrupted by carmen who's just found
out from her husband
that the police have blocked off the
entire street
out of nowhere a guy smashes into the
ground it's alex
he's wounded really badly it's a miracle
he's still alive
the cop hears someone screaming upstairs
and goes with manu to find out the
source of the noise
angela follows them up and it's always a
good idea to find out what's going on
but i'm not willing to go up there to
get it because it's way too scary and i
don't want to die
escape is looking less likely so it's
time to get information but don't do the
dirty work
let them go risk their lives to contain
the situation while i call the local
news
she's a tv presenter so the call won't
be ignored and getting cameras on the
outside will make sure the military play
by the rules
carefully they make their way into one
of the units when a woman comes running
at them
she crashes into a wall screaming her
head off before falling to the ground
the cop joins them shortly after it gets
into a face-off with the crazy lady from
earlier
she rushes at him and doesn't last five
seconds before being put down
it's a moment that everyone has to take
in the cop trying to rationalize to
himself that he had no other choice
and angela can't believe what she's just
seen which was what exactly
they left two bodies on the floor with
the door wide open this is a huge
mistake that they will pay for later
if you know you're trapped contain the
virus by any means necessary make sure
they're dead
and quarantine all infected bodies
including anyone bitten
every precaution taken could save your
life but in shock and panic
nobody's making these connections and
neither would i downstairs the shutter
to the textile workshop
is finally opened and manu goes in to
check if there are any other exits
he quickly finds a door but it's been
blocked from the outside taped over
and covered with tarp okay it's starting
to look pretty clear that they won't let
us out
am i still going to try absolutely i
would ask the tenants of the building if
they knew any other way out
emergency exits garbage chutes sewer
drains
anything that could be used to escape no
exit hole is too dirty for me
a resident who looks like a sweatier
cheech marin mentions that all phone
calls
tv signals and radio waves are being
jammed from getting in or out of the
apartment
also carmen's daughter is burning up
pretty badly and even the medical
assistant is getting worried
he proposes they escape from the office
window he gave the superintendent a copy
of the keys which he finds in a small
booth
small note if you're going to break
glass don't use any of your limbs to do
it
there's a high chance that you're going
to cut yourself on the broken shards
instead ask the fireman for a window
punch or
throw a heavy object the group enters
the office and follow the assistant to
the windows
where they see a whole squad of soldiers
waiting all of them geared up
preparing to seal off the building the
cop enters the room and getting tired of
being pushed around
he takes his gun out and orders everyone
to go downstairs
just as another announcement repeats
that everyone follows the cop's
instructions
and no one tries to leave it might look
hopeless
but not yet the only reason you're
trapped is because the contagion
is trapped it's selfish but by breaking
all the windows in the building the
quarantine zone just got a lot
bigger and while the military scrambles
to contain it you might be able to slip
out
that is if the cops don't shoot you dead
in the process at 2 am
angela then interviews the sick little
girl named jennifer who is
constantly being interrupted the girl
mentions that her dog
max was taken to the vet because he
suddenly got very sick
there's a lot of sickness going on with
his family and with all this talk of
infections
this is enough to raise an eyebrow but
what i actually do
lock a little girl up in a room we
should but it just seems
mean so it's easy to imagine i would
take the humane approach here only for
it to bite me in the neck later
carmen is interviewed next she figures
there has to be a connection to all of
this
the injuries to the men the old woman's
violent rage
the lockdown all of it is connected and
when she gets out
she's going to tell the newspapers all
about it but what exactly would she tell
them
that the cdc did their job and contain
the deadliest infection they've ever
seen
i mean for a minute let's imagine we
were on the outside instead
are you letting anyone out of the
building hell no
not until the situation is completely
under control and we know what it is
how to contain it or if enough time
passes until the problem
takes care of itself everyone regroups
in the fabric workshop where the cop
tells them the doctor is on his way
taking blood samples from everyone
inside and that the tests are negative
they can all leave the building
manu takes a head count asking for the
unit number of each tenant to know which
apartments are vacant
and which are not an argument breaks out
because carmen has what i would call
a karen moment she accuses the asian
woman's father
of being the source of the infection but
manu then points out that her child
is also sick and her rebuttal is pure
gold
she's only got tonsillitis now here we
have a great case of groupthink
instead of investigating these claims of
infection any further
they're immediately squashed cooler
heads prevail but in this case
they also get bitten i guarantee you'd
find me right there in the mix telling
everyone to work together
not realizing it's the worst idea in the
building
the health officer unlocks the door to
the building and the cop welcomes him in
but angela notices that all the
officials on the outside
are wearing masks and hazmat suits and
they're telling them that everything is
fine
they decide to spy on the health officer
from another room peeking through their
camera
pablo was able to see the officer
handcuffing the firemen
he clearly expects him to be a threat
and the implications of this
terrifies them both the doctor injects
something into the firemen and orders
the cop to handcuff the other injured
man
suddenly he's attacked and they all
scramble to escape the infected but they
don't react in time to stop the medical
assistant from being savaged
pablo and angelo run to join the cop
manu and the doctor
shutting the medical assistant inside
angela urges him to open the door
but he refuses telling them the
assistant might have been bitten
and the infection spreads through saliva
finally someone here is thinking
straight but it's a brutal decision
the emotional stress of ending someone's
life must be overwhelming
i hate to say it but in real life i'm
probably letting him through the door
and quickly closing it i'm just not
emotionally equipped to kill a man
begging for his life suddenly the
assistant slams into the glass pane of
the door
once they close the shutter behind them
that's when jennifer spews out blood
all over her mom's face jumps out of her
arms and runs upstairs
carmen is then grabbed and cuffed the
stairwell where she wails for her
daughter
well that's one problem taken care of
she won't be able to hurt anyone when
she turns
they could have contained this by
handcuffing mrs conchita in the first
bitten cop
but hindsight is 20 20 and they had no
reason to suspect this
and even still it might not guarantee
safety caught in the moment with no
information
i'm not going to survive this the doctor
hands manu a syringe
and tells him to fix this okay at this
point there is zero doubt that your life
is in danger now and you need something
to protect yourself
pronto ironically the only way to get a
weapon to protect yourself
is to go upstairs straight into danger
but even if you're looking for a weapon
this building doesn't seem to have any
good options at best you might find the
other cop's gun
the sledgehammer manu brought the cops
night stick and at worst
you'd find a broom fire extinguishers
and clothes irons
like i said not great choices if i were
her i'd use my god-given female gifts of
persuasion and make sure i'm protected
if it's between survival and dignity i'm
going with survival
entering the room where the old lady was
shot manu and the cop are shocked to
find that her body
in that of the girls is missing but they
hear the sound of someone crying
and check out the room to find jennifer
as somehow gone behind them
the cop cautiously approaches her needle
in hand and
reaches out can you guess what happens
next
this is really foolish everyone here
should know what the infected will do
if you get too close the best course of
action is to knock her out
or restrain her before using the
sedative but
she's just a child if you think i'd
instinctively karate kick her to the
floor
it might take me a minute to mentally
get there realizing that he's been
infected the cop picks up jennifer
and drags her into another room giving
pablo amanu the time to run away
only to come face to face with the older
lady from earlier angry and bloodier
than ever
she gets wasted by manu who whacks her
to death with a sledgehammer
i'm starting to think that sledgehammer
is the way to go here i'd suggest we all
pull our money and hire this guy to take
all the effect with it
he's supposed to be a rescuer right the
men run downstairs
but everyone else is running up all
warning them not to go down
the infected have managed to force the
shutter doors open but angela and the
men
are able to shut it just in time corbin
grabs the doctor on his way up
and demands he set her free but he can't
the keys to the handcuffs are wolf the
cop
who is still upstairs this poor woman
just cannot catch a break
at what point does it become okay to
suggest we sledgehammer her free
if it doesn't break the chain it will
certainly break her bones enough that
slip through the cuffs
unfortunately the fireman left the
sledgehammer upstairs
is he crazy i would be clinging to that
thing like a baby
angela tries to free carmen from the
cuffs but manu drags her away
before she can get herself infected and
leaves carmen to her fate
they run away and hide in one of the
rooms upstairs locking the door behind
them
mono does a quick head count and asks if
anyone has been bitten
can you guess what they say once again
nobody should be trusted here and
there's no way to improve infection
because all it takes is saliva at this
point they're just as much a danger to
each other as what's out there
but caesar disagrees thinking the
government will come rescue them because
the doctor
is still here manu stops out to the
other room intended to confront the
doctor
but finds out he's been infected the
doctor decides to do at least one heroic
thing before he turns
and locks himself in a side room they're
trapped here or are they
caesar remembers that there's a basement
storeroom that leads to a drain cover
they can go into the sewers and come out
the other side but there's a reinforced
door
one that can only be unlocked by a key
the assistant left in his apartment
suddenly the infected doctor grabbed
caesar as manu and angela split
leaving him behind lesson to learn here
environmental awareness saves lives if i
know there's only a thin door between me
and the infected
you'd best believe i'm on the other end
of the room with my eyes glued to the
door
their only option is to grab the
assistant's keys they could go to the
entrance room but they don't remember
where it
is now if they were less panicked they
might realize they already have this
information
on camera rewinding the tape to the head
count from earlier would help them but
when you're running for your life
there's no time to watch your footage
there are no good options here mad
scrambling is the only path forward
thinking on our feed angela realizes
they can find out where the intern lives
by checking the mailboxes
carefully weaving around the now
infected carmen they make their way back
upstairs where
angela is almost bitten by one of the
infected but manu and pablo
are able to save her life by choking the
infected to death
continuing their way up all the lights
in the stairwell spontaneously go out
forcing pablo to use his camera's
spotlight and gets junked by the asian
woman who throws herself at him
angela is able to rip her off of pablo
imanu decides to stay behind to take
care of the situation
while angela runs upstairs when they try
to find the keys
angela is ripping open drawers going
over tables and finding
nothing they need to take a deep breath
and really think about where to look
checking random cupboards full of dishes
and stomping around the flat
is going to alert the infected to their
location they need to refocus
be stealthy and be critical about this
of course
i say that but this is me before i go to
work every monday
it's starting to feel hopeless until
they finally find a desk
with a keyring in it score they just
might make it out of here
they leave the flat and quickly find
their momentary hope butchered
the way down is blocked and the infected
are on almost every floor below them
they run upstairs to the top floor and
manage to unlock one of the rooms
shutting the door and locking again
behind them inside
it's pitch black and pablo fidgets with
his camera and turns on the light
the room is filled with beakers rosaries
and all the hallmarks of begrudged by a
cultist
or more likely a priest on the wall
angela sees a poster about the vatican
investigating the demonic possession of
a girl in tristana mideros she had been
kept at a hospital but mysteriously
disappeared one day
angel and pablo go deeper into the flat
seeing more religious iconography but
more importantly
information about this possessed girl
they listened to and played back a tape
recorder and learned that the renter was
looking for a cure to the infection
but it's highly resistant the man on the
tip concludes that he must destroy the
madeira squirrel
in any other source of this virus the
attic door suddenly swings open
and pablo decides to check it out using
his camera in case there's an exit
but suddenly knocks the camera aside
plunging the room into darkness
pablo turns on the night vision and has
angela hold on to him as he tries to
find his way out
but they're not alone the distance a
person is standing
and walking over towards them they hide
from this thing and observe its
movements
it's a woman wielding a hammer who can't
hear or see them
that is tristano medeiros the missing
girl from the clippings that means the
origins of the virus
are demonic sides won't help you no
injection can stop it
you probably left your rosary beads at
home and i haven't been to church in
five years
there's no way in hell we're going to
survive this they wait until she's
distracted before creeping their way
past her
but someone accidentally knocks
something over pablo has angelo run away
as he stays behind to distract the woman
and ends up sacrificing his life
leaving angela all alone as she stumbles
in the dark desperately trying to find
the camera
even though she's panicking and
hyperventilating she's able to pick it
up
and scan the room for pablo only to find
him being eaten
by the woman angela freaks out seeing
this and gets savaged by the woman who
knocks her to the ground
injured dazed and terrified angela
slowly creeps your way forward to the
camera
only to get dragged away into the
darkness but what do you think what else
could be done
how well do you think you could survive
the situation let me know with a comment
down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe to get updated on my
latest videos
and if you want more right now you can
check out the playlist that's already up
on the channel where i've covered why
you wouldn't survive zombies
slavers cannibals and corporate death
games until next time
have a damn good day